Add perf-review skill for pre-PR hot-path performance review (#11912)
DataDog/dd-trace-java: AGENTS.md

- Use `tag: no release note` for internal/refactoring changes
- Open as draft first, convert to ready when reviewable

## Review Guidelines

> Before marking a PR ready, run the applicable reviews below over the branch changes (the diff since the merge-base with `master`). These are **advisory, precision-first** checks — they surface high-severity issues early and are not merge gates. The linked guidelines are the tool-agnostic source of truth; in Claude Code each is also runnable as a `/`-skill.

Author: I suspect we'll want to scrub the Claude-specific references, but I'll let others help me out here.

> Before marking a PR ready, run the applicable reviews below over the branch changes (the diff since the merge-base with `master`). These are **advisory, precision-first** checks — they surface high-severity issues early and are not merge gates. The linked guidelines are the tool-agnostic source of truth; in Claude Code each is also runnable as a `/`-skill.

Reviewer: You can drop this - the agents won't need it

```suggestion
Before marking a PR ready, run the applicable reviews below over the branch changes (the diff since the merge-base with `master`). These are **advisory, precision-first** checks — they surface high-severity issues early and are not merge gates. The linked guidelines are the tool-agnostic source of truth.
```

### Performance Review

> Follow the performance-review guidelines in [.claude/skills/perf-review/SKILL.md](.claude/skills/perf-review/SKILL.md) — the do-no-harm / assume-hot posture, the hot-path checks (universal + Java J1–J11 + ByteBuddy-Advice idioms), and the confidence/severity model, with the detailed rubric in its `references/`. Scope: hot-path allocation, unbounded memory, repeated work, escaping objects, native-boundary crossings, and JVM-specific pitfalls. In Claude Code, run `/perf-review`.

Reviewer: I'd suggest moving the skill directory into `.agents/skills/`, as it's symlinked to `.claude/skills/` anyways 

Past that, you don't need to tell the agent that it's invocable as a skill - it can infer it from the frontmatter

```suggestion
Follow the performance-review guidelines in [.agents/skills/perf-review/SKILL.md](.agents/skills/perf-review/SKILL.md) — the do-no-harm / assume-hot posture, the hot-path checks (universal + Java J1–J11 + ByteBuddy-Advice idioms), and the confidence/severity model, with the detailed rubric in its `references/`. Scope: hot-path allocation, unbounded memory, repeated work, escaping objects, native-boundary crossings, and JVM-specific pitfalls.
```
